Remove deprecated `stochastic_weight_avg` argument from `Trainer` (#12535)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

> - Remove deprecated `stochastic_weight_averaging` flag from `Trainer` ([#12535](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12535))

Reviewer: let's match the entry right below
```suggestion
- Removed the deprecated `stochastic_weight_averaging` argument from the `Trainer` constructor ([#12535](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12535))
```

> - Removed the deprecated `stochastic_weight_averaging` argument from the `Trainer` constructor ([#12535](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12535))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the deprecated `stochastic_weight_avg` argument from the `Trainer` constructor ([#12535](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12535))
```
